OK, so in this video, we will start to build the image here, the user image, but we have a few constraints
for this particular piece of code.
First of all, we are aware that at the beginning, when the user just simply creates a profile, they
haven't yet set an image.
They haven't uploaded an image of themselves, a profile image.
So that means we still want to display something there, even if we don't have a user image yet.
So we will need some sort of standards placeholder.
Also, we want to be able to re-use this image in multiple places in our app because we want to display
this kind of rounded image whenever we display a post or on the feed screen or in many other places,
right?
So we want to make it quite generic.
All right.
So also, in addition to that, we want to display a spinner that while the image is loading, we just
simply show the spinner.
And then when the image has finished, loading we are removing the spinner and just showing the image.
So for that, we're going to go to our main common bits and we're going to just create a standard common
image.
OK, so I'm going to say composable fun common image.
All right now, what do we need for this common image?
Well, we need the data as a string.
OK, so this is the image you are L or you are right.
We're going to have a modifier.
So we're going to let whoever calls this common image pass a modifier here, and we're going to put
a modifier by default as well.
So we make this optional modifier dot rep content size.
OK, and then we're going to have a scale for our image, and again, we're going to make this optional
so content.
Scale of type.
Content scale.
Is going to be content scale dot crop.
OK, and this is the image, so here we're going to have Val Painter.
He's going to be remembered.
Image painter.
OK.
With the data equals data, OK, so this is the coil image painter that we can use to retrieve images
from a URL, and we're going to display that image.
So we're going to have image painter is going to be our painter that we've just defined.
Content description is going to be no.
And we also want to add our modifier and our content scale.
OK, so that is basically our image, but we also want to display a spinner in case this story while
the content the painter is loading.
So we can say if painter dot state is image painter.
Dot state dot.
Loading.
While we are loading, we just display a common progress spinner that we have defined previously.
There we go.
So this is our common image, but of course, this is not enough for our current purposes because we
don't we don't necessarily have data for this image and we want to display some place holder as well
for the image, for the user image card here in the corner.
So here we need to define another composable that will use the one we defined previously.
So I'm going to say composable fun user image card.
OK.
Keep in mind that the common image can be used for anything for post images or user images, but the
user image card is only for the user images.
Now here I'm going to have a user image of type string.
I'm also going to have a modifier.
Is going to be modifier dot padding of HDP and the size.
Oh, wait, sorry, let me import that.
And don't size, not on the size, dot size by default is going to be 64 dpi.
OK.
Right, so it doesn't seem to like something here, let me have a look.
OK, modifier is a type modifier and then the default version option.
And I still don't like this very much.
OK, that's looking better.
So I have my user image and my modifier.
I think that user image can be no sphere.
OK, so we're going to post that simply because we are passing user data dot image URL, and that can
be more so.
I want to handle this here.
OK, so inside here we're going to create a card and the card will have a shape equals circle shape.
And then I'm going to have modifier equals modifier.
OK, so I have my card.
Now if you use our image.
Thought is low or empty.
In that case, I want to display a placeholder, so for that, let's go ahead and create an image here
in the draw.
I'm going to right click new vector asset and search here for person.
OK, that will give me basically this clip part, and I'm going to have this.
I see underscore user.
So icon user.
OK, so we're going to use that to display here when we don't have any user image.
So we're going to see image with painter, painter resource are.
Now, make sure you import the right arm for your project package.
OK.
Our Dot Drobo Dot.
I see.
User.
OK.
And the content description is no.
But we also want to add a color filter is going to be color filter.
Color, filter dots, tint color.
Dot Gray.
OK, so we are just kind of tilting it to grey.
Otherwise it would be white and we won't see anything because of the white background.
OK, now if the user image is empty, then we display this else.
We display common image with the data equals user image.
OK, so at this point, we have a user image card that we can use to display in our profile.
Sorry, in our My Posts screen.
So here I'm going to have my profile image.
Now the profile image is going to be slightly different.
It's going to contain one more element, and that is a small plus sign right on the bottom right of
the image.
OK, that will indicate to the user that there is a matching attach there so that when they click or
tap that image, they create a new post.
OK, so let's go ahead and do that.
I'm going to have a box.
With a modest fire dart heading top equals 16 dot deep and dot clickable.
OK, and on in clickable, we're going to have on click dot invoke.
OK, so we're basically invoking the on that is passed to the profile image here.
OK, so we have our bucks, let's go ahead and put some elements in it, so first of all, I'm going
to have a user image card with the user image being.
Image URL.
OK.
But I also want to have a modifier here.
Modifier dot padding is going to be a deep and dark size is going to be 80 deep.
OK, so I have my user image card, and I also want to display, like I said, a plus sign with kind
of a blue background, so let's go ahead and add that.
Vector assets and there we go and I see ads, OK, like I said, that will tell the user that there
is something some action attached to tapping on this image.
So here I'm going to have a card.
The card will have shape.
Equals circle shape.
Oh, OK.
It will also have a border equals border stroke.
Of with off to the DPI and color.
Equals color dot white.
OK, so we have our border and we want a modifier.
Dot size is going to be 30 to the P.
Then we have a line alignment.
Dot bottom and.
And we also have some padding bottom is going to be DP.
And and eight deep.
OK, so that is the card and inside here, we're going to have an image that just displays the icon
so painter resource of our dot drobo.
Ah, OK, let's import the correct one, ah, the troll bulldogs.
I see ads.
Content description is going to be no.
And then we have modifier equals modifier.
Dot.
What do we need here?
Just the background color, dark blue.
OK, so just displaying a blue background color for this card?
OK, so that's it.
I think let's go ahead and run this code and see what we get.
OK, so let's go ahead and click on this one.
And there we go, we have our place with a plus image with a blue background.
OK, so if we click here, at the moment, there is nothing happening because we haven't said anything
in this phone.
Click.
Where did we call it?
We call it here.
There's nothing in this on at the moment, but obviously we can click it.
Now one thing I would like to do before we end that would like to kind of cheat a little bit and put
an image here.
I would like to go to the background, the Firebase API in storage, OK?
And I was just going to I'm just going to upload a file.
OK, so that will upload this guy won the JPEG file.
And if I click on it and I have here a link, if I click on that, I will get the link to that image.
OK.
So copy that.
Now I'm going to go to Fire Store and set it to my John user.
Let's see, John.
Image URL is going to be of type, string and pass this value.
So hopefully this works when I rerun the application.
I will see the user image and I will see the spinner and then the user image, right?
There we go, so we have a spinner, and once that's loaded, we have the user image, the recording
software that I'm using is kind of messing with the spinner a little bit, but hopefully for you, you
won't have any issues.
It's just a clean spinner.
And once that's done, it's you see the user image here.
And then of course, we can click on it later on.
We will implement some functionality.
So I think that's it.
For this video, you can see that our My Posts page or screen is kind of taking shape.
We have some nice data here for followers following, of course, this is dummy data.
For now, we will implement this later on.
We have the user information and we have some edit profile page that we will implement later on.